docs: improve globs (#3737)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/config/index.md

- **Type:** `string[]`
- **Default:** `['**/__tests__/**/*.?(c|m)[jt]s?(x)', '**/?(*.){test,spec}.?(c|m)[jt]s?(x)']`

> Files to include in the test run, using glob patterns. By default it looks for files in any folders named `__tests__` with the extensions `.js`,`.mjs`, `.cjs`, `.ts`, `.mts`, `.cts`, `.jsx`, and `.jsx` . It also includes files ending with `.test` or `.spec` along with files just named `test` or `spec` (before a valid extension). These patterns are compatible with Jest's default patterns, but with additional extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files to include in the test run, using glob patterns. By default it looks for files in any folders named `__tests__` with the extensions `.js`,`.mjs`, `.cjs`, `.ts`, `.mts`, `.cts`, `.jsx`, and `.tsx`. It also includes files ending with `.test` or `.spec` along with files just named `test` or `spec` (before a valid extension). These patterns are compatible with Vitest default patterns but with additional extensions.
```

- **Type**: `string[]`
- **Default**: `['**/?(*.){test,spec}-d.?(c|m)[jt]s?(x)']`

> Files to include in typechecking test runs, using glob patterns. By default all tests inside files ending with `test-d` along with files just named `test-d` are considered type tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files to include in typechecking test runs, using glob patterns. By default, all tests inside files ending with `test-d` along with files just named `test-d` are considered type tests. 
```
